# KaiyeYang-git-Sentimental-Analysis-and-Machine-Learning-on-Twitter-about-Car-Purchase-UK
This study aims to establish an automatic computing platform to substantiate the hypotheses of the prevailing research on the influencing factors of automobile sales through factor importance measurement and prediction experiments, and then combine the literature to discuss the relevant indicators of customer’s response towards car purchase under the outbreak, and to discuss and analyse the related issues. It adopts Twitter API as its single information source, which allows massive data extraction on public subjects since Twitter is recognised as a general communication platform of British users. Over 35,000 text-formed messages are captured about British people’s attitudes on car purchase over the last three years. All tweets and retainable retrieves are pre-processed, including word-embedding techniques, categorical identification of entity, and natural language processing, that eventually been annotated into six different macro topics relevant to COVID, and three user-related attributes. Lexicon and BERT-based sentimental analysers involve into the labelling task of tweet’s sentiment. Diverse classification predictors attempt to link the categorised text variables and their sentimental assessments on purpose of two questions: 1) How much accuracy rate can successfully reflect the real emotion of customers who decide to buy a car according to what they text online? 2) Which indicator derived from tweet content overwhelms the others?  The outcomes of both sentimental analysers are significant that shows the effectiveness of prediction models: lexicon model climbs to 38% as maximum while BERT breaks through at 40% respectively, more powerful than the baseline (20%) conducted by random sampling. It implies that nearly half of randomly generated tweets can be correctly labelled into a five-level sentimental dimensions. Furthermore, findings from Random Forest algorithms illustrate that the concerns about supply chain disruptions and interests of electric vehicle fundamentally affect current purchasing behaviour, as well as areas where users live become it informally represents their purchasing power on car choices. These verifiable findings reinforce the existing literature views and emphasise the severe role of public short-term expectation on the consumption patterns, especially for the change of commercial environment they directly feel. However, it is still necessary to confirm these results through large datasets of dense sampling, to check whether they are consistent of the conclusion generated under stochastic information. Based on these findings above, the implication of the study further provides feasible sale recommendations towards British car dealers about current client’s interests and some useful solutions of car trades during the pandemic. It recommends British car retailers on adapting the new marketing environment of electric vehicle and raising incentive campaigns on second-hand cars since both are currently the hottest topics talked around the country.
